I think the relationship between stylist
and photographer is extremely important
it's also 10 when it really works is one
of my favorite parts of this work
it's someone you closely collaborate
within your develop these ideas together
and somehow the best relationship you
don't really have to explain to each
other I think what makes a good
photographer is the emotional connection
with your subject to be a good
communicator the person you choose to
focus on is to have some kind of
identity and personality to make the
image interesting or it's just pointless
fashion
I think ID has always been a champion of
fashion imagery that feels more positive
and vibrant and placing importance on
diversity and originality
I definitely need technology and
Internet in a way I probably couldn't
have imagined 10 years ago
if on one who gives us more freedom from
where we were but also this great
communication of ideas where it's
definitely speeding up our thought
process which can only be benefit to
everyone I think